### IDEMPIERE DOCKER GRPC SERVER PLUGIN

This plugin is under development and is used for porting `adempiere-grpc-server` into `idempiere` system. This serves as a backend to `adempiere-vue`. There are four servers and there is need for envoy proxy to mediate between these multiple servers for frontend.

For developing backend in the `idempiere` server you need to look at; `README.md` contained in `org.spin.grpc.util.impl`.

Below are some of the description about the package;

- `com.phoenix.grpc` contains core part and extension into idempiere. Activator and GrpcModelFactory files contains the extension points. By checking `Activator.java` you can find that how server has different ports assigned to it. 

- `com.phoenix.grpc.autogen` these are autogenerated model files from idempiere generated by `model.generator` eclipse application.

- `com.phoneix.grpc.models` contains models required for idempiere. Current it contains `MADToken.java` and `MADTokenDefition.java` for new user registration from vue client. There are other files and models that need to be ported check the original adempiere-grpc repository for how they have created various models and how they are used in the grpc server.

- `org.spin.grpc.util` has autogenerated protobuff files and stubs required by impl package. TO generate the stubs and server grpc files. 
    ```sh

    $> docker run --rm -v $(pwd):$(pwd) -w $(pwd) znly/protoc --java_out=src -I=protobuff protobuff/*
    
    $> docker run --rm -v $(pwd):$(pwd) -w $(pwd) znly/protoc --grpc-java_out=src -I=protobuff protobuff/*

    ```
    These are the commands used to generated the stubs from protobuff files. 

- `org.spin.grpc.util.impl` has porting for idempiere grpc server from adempiere. Ways by which idempiere works and adempiere works has been researched and then ported. check the `README.md` file present in the package to learn how the porting has been done. And how somebody can extend the server.

- `2Pack` files present in `META-INF` contains exported tables ported from adempiere to idempiere for now. Future implementors might need to add multiple tables from original project.  


@Author Dipesh Dulal
